# CS330
During this design project I learned a few new design skills. One of those design skills was further understanding the ability to read and understand definitions and methods. This helped me understand the workflow when using definitions and how to properly reference them. The design process for this project was to keep most of the programming together. Not fully utilizing classes in this allowed me to see the bigger picture throughout most of the process. This helped me follow along and comment to make sections within the code. In future work I think I will utilize classes more evenly across the project to pull out aspects like creating the vertices and indices for shapes if that path comes across again.

The development of strategy that I used was to heavily comment and create sections using special use case add-ins or extensions that allowed for color coding of comments. This helped me further break down the code into sections that I was able to understand and quickly reference and see within the preview window. Iteration played a pretty important role in the development of this program. This allowed me to create the vertices and the indices faster for some of the more complex shapes like a cylinder. Another way iteration helped me develop this app was iterating the different shapes while not as many iterations happened it was helpful to understand and follow once a template was discovered. My evolution of the developing code evolved quickly period from not fully understanding the OpenGL process and tools to very quickly having to dive into and research and study the different methods and definitions within OpenGL allowed me to complete the assignments. Further research was required uh in the creation of the cylinders to allow for methods and definitions that were not explained in class.

The knowledge received in the computational graphics and visualizations class gave me skills and taught me about programming hardware. The different processes of not just creating an object but applying it and sending it to a piece of hardware such as the graphical processing unit and then releasing it from the graphical processing unit so that way the memory did not get lost in causing memory leak. The same process will be applied to future professional pathways and work. This will help me understand that while programming and coding takes time and patience you also must think of the physical aspect of the processing units and what they are doing and not just a computational act but also a physical act.
